Announcer: PREVIOUSLY ON
DAWSON'S CREEK...
XANAX. THAT'S FOR
SEVERE DEPRESSION
AND ANXIETY.
THEY'RE MY MOTHER'S.
MY SCRIPT,
NEW AND IMPROVED.
OH, SO DAWSON AND JOEY
FINALLY GET IT ON, HUH?
ACTUALLY, THE SO-CALLED
DAWSON CHARACTER DOES IT
WITH
THE BEAUTIFUL NEIGHBOR
FROM THE BIG CITY.
CAN'T SEEM TO
FIND A LEADING LADY.
THE PART REQUIRES
A CERTAIN MIXTURE
OF SPIRITED PASSION,
A WIDE-EYED
INNOCENCE,
AND UNPARALLELED
EXTERNAL BEAUTY.
WELL, IT SOUNDS LIKE
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
A JULIA ROBERTS.
LOOKING FOR A YOU.
[MOVIE THEME MUSIC
PLAYING ON TV]
SO...
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THAT WAS THE DIRECTOR'S
CUT, RIGHT?
I MEAN, IT SEEMED
A LOT BLOODIER.
NO, NO, I MEANT
WITH YOU AND ME.
WE DID IT.
DID WHAT?
OUR FIRST OFFICIAL MOVIE
NIGHT, POST-BREAKUP.
AND I'D SAY IT
WENT RATHER WELL.
YEAH. WELL, CONGRATS.
I SHOULD PROBABLY GO.
UH, WHERE ARE
YOU GOING, JOEY?
IT'S EARLY.
WELL, DAWSON, WE WATCHED
THE MOVIE, YOU KNOW.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
HOLD ON A SECOND.
I GOT SOME PICTURES
I WANT YOU TO LOOK AT.
YOU'RE REALLY OK
WITH ALL THIS.
WHAT, YOU AND ME?
YEAH.
I'M JUST SO HAPPY THAT
WE'RE FINALLY PAST ALL THAT
RELATIONSHIP TRAUMA.
GOOD. ME, TOO.
GREAT. SO,
THE BIG DILEMMA,
NOW THAT YOU'RE OFFICIALLY
HELPING ME IN THE MOVIE,
IS WHO DO WE CAST
AS SAMMY?
JOEY, YOU'RE A--
YOU'RE A DISTINCT,
UNATTAINABLE ORIGINAL.
WELL, DAWSON, MAYBE
YOU SHOULD PROGRESS
BEYOND THE NOTION
THAT THE CHARACTER
OF SAMMY IS ME.
I MEAN, WHY DON'T YOU
LOOK FOR AN ACTRESS
WHO CAN BRING HER OWN
UNIQUE INTERPRETATION
TO THE ROLE?
AH...
I'M KIND OF...
AMAZED AT--
AT HOW TOGETHER YOU ARE
ABOUT US.
WELL, I'VE LEARNED
TO LET GO.
PLUS, YOU LET ME GO.
I MEAN, GRANTED,
AT FIRST IT WAS REALLY HARD
FOR ME TO--TO ACCEPT,
BUT...
YOU'VE MOVED ON.
YOU'RE WITH JACK, AND...
YOU LET GO.
SO I IN TURN...
LET GO OF YOU.
YEAH, WELL, UH,
SINCE WE'RE LETTING
GO OF EACH OTHER,
I SHOULD--I REALLY
SHOULD GO THIS TIME.
UH...ANYWAY, YEAH,
'CAUSE I'M REALLY TIRED
AND YOU OBVIOUSLY
HAVE A LOT TO DO, SO...
I'LL SEE YOU
TOMORROW, JOEY.
YEAH.
UM, GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT, JO.
NOW, THE TASK HERE
IS NOT JUST TO REPRESENT
THE SUBJECT.
YOU'RE TRYING TO EVOKE
A FEELING THAT YOU HAVE
FOR THE SUBJECT.
NOW, REMEMBER, THIS--
THIS IS YOUR WORK,
SO PERSONALIZE IT.
IF YOU SEE THE WORLD
IN TRIANGLES,
THEN GO WITH IT.
EXCELLENT WORK,
JOEY.
YOU'RE COMING
ALONG NICELY.
THANKS.
JOEY, HEY.
DAWSON, WHAT
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I HAD TO DO SOME RESEARCH
AT THE COLLEGE LIBRARY,
BUT I WANTED TO GIVE
YOU MY NEW REVISED DRAFT
HOT OFF THE PRESSES.
THANKS,
BUT I'M IN CLASS.
DAWSON.
SHE--SHE'S NAKED.
YEAH, OK,
PEEP SHOW'S OVER.
GET OUT.
NOW, YOU'RE GONNA
GET ME IN TROUBLE.
SORRY, THIS CLASS IS CLOSED
TO WIDE-EYED VISITORS.
I'M GONNA HAVE
TO ASK YOU TO LEAVE.
SORRY.
IT SAYS IN HERE I CAN HAVE
THE BUTT I ALWAYS WANTED
IN 3 WEEKS.
Andie: PACEY,
I'VE SEEN YOUR BUTT.
YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
I TELL YOU,
IT'S REALLY NO WONDER
WE HAVE SUCH AN OBSESSION
WITH THE POSTERIOR.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
TO GET A GOOD SENSE OF
ONE'S OWN BUTT, YOU KNOW?
PACEY, ARE YOU CHECKING
OUT YOUR OWN BUTT
IN THE MIRROR?
ME? NO.
YOU KNOW, I DO AGREE
WITH YOU, THOUGH.
THIS BUTT BELONGS
IN THE HALL OF FAME.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
MMM,
NICE TRY.
SEE ANYTHING YOU LIKE?
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE THE--
MODEL.
MY NAME'S DEVON.
HI. DAWSON.
UM...YOU MUST THINK
I'M A TOTAL PERV.
ACTUALLY, I WAS LEANING
MORE TOWARDS DEVIANT.
MY, UH, PSYCH PROFESSOR WOULD
SAY THAT YOU WERE SUFFERING
FROM SOME SORT OF,
UH, LATENT DESIRE,
THE NEED FOR SOMEONE
TO WATCH YOU
WATCHING.
SORRY TO DISAPPOINT YOU.
I WAS ACTUALLY
JUST DROPPING SOMETHING
OFF TO A FRIEND.
NO UNDERLYING PSYCHOSIS.
OH, PSYCH'S
NOT MY MAJOR ANYWAY.
UM...
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
UH, MODEL NAKED.
I MEAN, IT'S GOT
TO BE UNCOMFORTABLE.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
I'M A DRAMA MAJOR,
SO I JUST KIND OF LOOK AT IT
AS AN ACTING EXERCISE.
PLUS IT HELPS THAT
THE MONEY DOESN'T SUCK.
SO YOU'RE AN ACTRESS.
MM-HMM.
THAT'S INTERESTING.
I'M, UH,
DIRECTING A MOVIE.
OH, I DIDN'T KNOW THEY
HAD A FILM SCHOOL HERE.
THEY DON'T.
I'M, UH, I'M STILL
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
OH. AND YOU'RE TRYING
TO MAKE YOUR FIRST FILM.
THAT'S CUTE. GOOD LUCK.
IT'S MY SECOND FILM,
ACTUALLY.
MY FIRST FILM WON
THE JUNIOR DIVISION
BOSTON FILM FESTIVAL,
AND THEY
GAVE ME THE FUNDS TO
MAKE MY SECOND EFFORT.
IMPRESSIVE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I--I'M ACTUALLY
STILL CASTING.
THERE--THERE'S ONE PART
I HAVEN'T CAST YET.
IT'S ONE OF THE LEADS.
UM, AND WE, UM, START
SHOOTING IN 2 DAYS.
IT'S KIND OF
A CRUNCH SITUATION,
BUT, UM, I'D LOVE IT
IF YOU'D READ IT.
AND IT'S FUNDED BY
THE BOSTON FILM FESTIVAL?
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
LOOK, I UNDERSTAND
YOUR SKEPTICISM,
BUT, UH, GIVE IT A READ.
IT'S THE PART OF SAMMY.
UH, MY ADDRESS
AND PHONE NUMBER
ARE ON THE FRONT.
I'D LOVE TO HEAR
WHAT YOU THINK.
CAREFUL, DAWSON.
STRONGER MEN HAVE BEEN
CRUSHED BY WHAT I THINK.
OH, GRAMS,
YOU'RE A GODSEND.
WE ARE IN DESPERATE
NEED OF SNACKS
FOR REHEARSAL.
OH.
OH, JENNIFER, DEAR,
THIS IS TYSON HICKS.
HE WAS KIND ENOUGH TO
HELP ME WITH MY GROCERIES.
UH, TY, ACTUALLY.
IT'S GREAT TO MEET YOU.
NICE TO MEET YOU,
TOO, TY.
SO YOUR GRANDMA TELLS ME
THAT, UH, YOU'RE WORKING
ON A MOVIE.
YEAH. YEAH, UM,
WE'RE JUST GEARING UP
TO START.
WELL, JENNIFER, TYSON
HAS EXPRESSED AN INTEREST
IN HELPING OUT
WITH THE PICTURE.
AREN'T YOU A LITTLE
SHORT-STAFFED?
YEAH. YEAH, UM,
DO YOU HAVE ANY
EXPERIENCE WORKING ON
A FILM SET BEFORE?
WELL, NO, BUT, UM,
I'VE WORKED ON A BUNCH
OF THEATER PRODUCTIONS,
AND I'M PRETTY
GOOD WITH MY HANDS
AND A FAST LEARNER.
YEAH, THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
WE CAN USE ALL THE HELP
THAT WE CAN GET, TY.
EVEN GRAMS HAS BEEN
DOING CRAFT SERVICE,
SO...
WELL, GREAT. UH, WELL,
YOU CAN USE ME FOR ANYTHING.
EXCELLENT.
SO YOU FOUND A BOTTLE
OF PRESCRIPTION PILLS.
SO WHAT, PACEY?
TAKE A LOOK IN MY PARENTS'
MEDICINE CABINET.
IT'S A VERITABLE PHARMACY.
YEAH, BUT THIS
IS XANAX, DAWSON.
NOT EXACTLY YOUR TYPICAL
SATURDAY NIGHT
MUSCLE RELAXANT.
IT'S FOR SEVERE ANXIETY.
YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED
ANDIE BEING ANY MORE
HIGH-STRUNG LATELY, HAVE YOU?
UH, NO. I'VE BEEN TOO
BUSY WATCHING HER BOUNCE
OFF THE WALLS.
PACEY,
IF YOU'RE WORRIED,
THEN WHY DON'T YOU
JUST ASK HER ABOUT IT?
BECAUSE, MAN,
I DON'T WANT TO MAKE
THE SITUATION ANY WORSE.
SHE'S ALREADY UNDER
ENOUGH STRESS AS IT IS
WITH HER FAMILY.
YOU KNOW,
THE WAY I FIGURE IT,
IF SHE WANTS TO OPEN UP
TO ME, SHE WILL, YOU KNOW.
BUT IT'S ALSO NOT
REALLY IN MY NATURE
TO JUST SIT BY
WHILE THE GIRL SUFFERS.
I MEAN, I WANT
TO HELP HER, BUT...
IF SHE'S OPERATING
UNDER A LOT OF STRESS
THOUGH, PACEY,
THE ONLY THING
YOU CAN REALLY DO
IS MAKE SURE
THAT THE TIME
SHE SPENDS WITH YOU
IS AS STRESS-FREE
AS POSSIBLE.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
HELP HER HAVE FUN.
DAWSON, WHAT
ARE YOU DOING, MAN?
WE JUST PUT
THE E.T.  POSTER UP.
WHY ARE YOU
TAKING IT DOWN?
UP THERE,
IT'S NOT IN THE SHOT.
OVER HERE, IT'D BE
IN THE PERFECT POSITION.
YOU KNOW, I UNDERSTAND
THAT WE HAVE BUDGETARY
CONSTRAINTS,
BUT DON'T YOU THINK
TELLING YOUR LIFE STORY
IN YOUR OWN BEDROOM
IS A LITTLE PERVERSE,
EVEN FOR YOU?
HEY THERE.
HEY. HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD.
I READ YOUR SCRIPT.
YOU DID? GREAT.
AND, UH,
WHAT DID YOU--
WHAT'D YOU THINK?
I DIDN'T LOVE IT.
REALLY?
I MEAN, ALL THE--ANGST
AND THE OVERANALYZING,
AND THE HESITANCY
TO ACT ON ANYTHING.
I MEAN, I REALLY HAD
TO SEARCH MY PSYCHE AND
CALL BACK MY ADOLESCENCE.
HUH. 2 WHOLE YEARS AGO.
DAWSON, THERE--THERE'S
A VAST DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN US.
ANYWAY, THE SCRIPT'S
A LITTLE HEAVY-HANDED
AND OVERLY VERBOSE.
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS
YOU'RE NOT INTERESTED.
WHAT I'M SAYING IS
THAT I MANAGED
TO MUDDLE THROUGH
THE $20 WORDS
AND THE PSYCHO-SPEAK
AND GOT TO THE CORE OF
THE SAMMY CHARACTER.
LOOK, I THINK WHAT I'M SAYING
IS I'M NOT INTERESTED.
I MEAN, JUST--
THE MORE--THE MORE
I THINK ABOUT IT,
YOU'RE JUST--
YOU'RE REALLY JUST
NOT RIGHT FOR THE PART.
YOU'RE A LITTLE...
SMALL.
WAIT. SO--SO
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS
BECAUSE I HAD AN OPINION
OF YOUR SCRIPT,
YOU'RE NOT GONNA LET ME
READ FOR THE PART?
WELL, HERE'S THE COLD,
HARD TRUTH, DAWSON.
IF YOU CAN'T TAKE A LITTLE
CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM,
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA MAKE IT.
GOOD LUCK IN HIGH SCHOOL.
I'M SORRY
I WASTED MY TIME.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT A MINUTE. DEVON.
I'M--I'M SORRY.
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
MAYBE I OVERREACTED.
HERE--I MEAN, YOU CAME
ALL THE WAY DOWN HERE.
THE LEAST I COULD
LET YOU DO IS AUDITION,
RIGHT?
SO, UH, WE--WE
CAN READ SCENE 5.
IT STARTS ON PAGE--
ACTUALLY, I THOUGHT
WE'D DO SCENE 15,
CLOSER TO THE MIDDLE.
OK.
OK, JUST, UH,
GIVE ME A MINUTE.
SURE.
OK.
SAMMY, IF YOU COULD
ONLY SEE YOURSELF
THROUGH MY EYES.
YOU KNOW,
FOR THE LONGEST TIME
I THOUGHT THAT
WAS WHAT I WANTED,
FOR THE BOY
ACROSS THE CREEK,
MY BEST FRIEND,
TO SEE ME AS BEAUTIFUL.
BUT THIS IS JUST...
COSMETIC ENHANCEMENT...
AND HAIR SPRAY.
I'M STILL THE SAME
OLD SAMANTHA,
THE GIRL WHO RESIDES ON
THE WRONG SIDE OF THE CREEK.
AND IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY,
WADE, YOU'LL SEE...
IT'S JUST ME.
IS THAT KIND OF
WHAT YOU HAD IN MIND?
THAT--THAT WAS
KIND OF...
PERFECT.
OH. HEY, UM,
I GOTTA GET OUT
OF HERE EARLY
'CAUSE I PROMISED
DAWSON I'D HELP HIM WITH
TOMORROW'S SHOOT, OK?
OK. UM,
YOU THINK HE'LL HAVE US
WORKING, UH, ALL DAY?
US?
YEAH. YEAH, JEN, SHE
SAID THEY WERE UNDERSTAFFED.
SHE ASKED ME TO HELP OUT,
AND BESSIE SAID SHE'D
COVER MY SHIFTS, SO...
AND HOW DOES DAWSON
FEEL ABOUT THIS?
I DON'T KNOW.
OK.
CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING TO DRINK?
UM, ARE YOU
READY TO ORDER?
ORDER?
IS EVERYTHING OK?
YEAH. I'LL, UM,
I'LL HAVE A HAMBURGER,
FRIES, AND A DIET COKE.
OK. UM, I'LL BE RIGHT
BACK WITH YOUR DRINK.
THANKS.
UH, JACK, CAN YOU GO
HELP THAT GIRL
OVER THERE?
I MEAN, SHE'S REALLY
WEIRDING ME OUT.
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
EXCUSE ME, UM,
DO YOU KNOW
THAT WAITRESS?
UH, YEAH, YOU COULD--
YOU COULD SAY THAT.
WOULD YOU MIND
TELLING ME EVERYTHING
YOU KNOW ABOUT HER?
HEY, McPHEE.
HEY.
HOW'S IT HANGIN', GIRL?
OH, I'VE BEEN READING
THE SAME PARAGRAPH FOR
THE LAST 20 MINUTES.
I CAN'T CONCENTRATE.
I'VE GOT
A TON OF HOMEWORK.
[SIGHS]
UM, LISTEN.
I'VE BEEN WRESTLING
WITH WHETHER OR NOT TO
CONFRONT YOU ABOUT THIS,
AND, UH,
YOU KNOW, I'M JUST GONNA
GET IT OUT IN THE OPEN.
SO, UH...
DO YOU WANT TO TALK TO
ME ABOUT THE PILL BOTTLE
THAT I SAW IN YOUR
BATHROOM YESTERDAY?
THE XANAX?
IT'S MY MOTHER'S.
IF YOU DON'T
WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT,
THAT'S FINE, ANDIE,
BUT DON'T LIE TO ME.
PLEASE.
I STARTED TAKING IT
RIGHT AFTER TIM DIED.
IT HELPS EVEN OUT
MY MOOD SWINGS.
SO WHY DO YOU FEEL LIKE
YOU HAD TO HIDE IT FROM ME?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS I WAS AFRAID.
I DIDN'T KNOW HOW
YOU'D REACT,
AND, UH...BUT IT DOESN'T
MATTER NOW, ANYWAY,
YOU KNOW.
MY DOCTOR'S NOT GONNA
REFILL MY PRESCRIPTION.
SHE WANTS ME TO TRY
THERAPY FOR MY STRESS,
BUT JUST THINKING
ABOUT THAT MAKES ME EVEN
MORE STRESSED OUT, SO--
WELL, MAYBE THERAPY'S
NOT SUCH A BAD IDEA.
I MEAN, IT COULDN'T HURT.
LOOK, PACEY, I CAN
TAKE CARE OF MYSELF.
DON'T LOOK SO WORRIED.
I'M OK,
OK?
BUT IF YOU WEREN'T OK,
YOU WOULD TELL ME, RIGHT?
YEAH.
Dawson: OK, SO
THE SCENE WILL OPEN UP
WITH YOU TWO
SITTING ON THE BED.
SAMMY,
YOU'RE ON THE LEFT,
AND, WADE, YOU'LL
BE ON THE RIGHT.
IT'S, UM,
WHEREVER'S COMFORTABLE.
IT'S REALLY CASUAL.
HEY. HOW ARE YOU?
UH, SINCE ABBY'S
LATE AGAIN,
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU COULD READ
THE PART OF KIM?
ENTER FROM OVER HERE.
YEAH. YEAH,
SURE. OK, UM,
UH, WHAT PAGE
ARE YOU GUYS
STARTING ON?
17.
OK, YOU GUYS READY?
AND, ACTION.
HEY, GUYS.
HEY.
I THOUGHT IT
WAS VIDEO NIGHT.
OH, IT IS. KIM DOESN'T
REALLY KNOW ANYONE
HERE IN CREEK SIDE,
SO I JUST INVITED HER
TO JOIN US.
ISN'T WATCHING MOVIES
A LITTLE, OH, MUNDANE
FOR SOMEONE
FROM THE BIG CITY?
Jen: UH, LISTEN,
IF--IF I'M INTRUDING,
I CAN--
Chris:
NO. NO, NOT AT ALL.
THE MORE THE MERRIER.
Dawson: NO, NO, WAIT.
WAIT A MINUTE.
HOLD ON.
CHRIS, THE WAY
YOU'RE SAYING IT NOW,
IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU'RE
TRYING TO GET THEM
INTO A MENAGE A TROIS.
I MEAN, YOU'RE
INTERESTED IN KIM,
BUT SAMMY'S
JUST YOUR FRIEND.
I MEAN, SHE'S
YOUR BEST FRIEND,
BUT SHE'S JUST A FRIEND.
THE NUANCES, THEY'RE
SUBTLE, BUT THEY'RE
VERY SPECIFIC.
BUT, DAWSON, IT'S OBVIOUS
THAT SAMMY'S INTO ME.
WHAT, AM I JUST
SUPPOSED TO IGNORE THAT?
YEAH--NO, NO, ACTUALLY.
I MEAN, YOU'RE
NOT IGNORING IT,
YOU'RE JUST--
YOU'RE NOT
AWARE OF IT YET.
UM, DAWSON, COME HERE
FOR A SECOND.
THAT'S WHAT I GET
FOR CASTING A JOCK.
HE'S GOT THE INSIGHT
OF A WARTHOG.
Jen:
OK, MAYBE YOU SHOULD
JUST EASE UP A LITTLE.
JOEY.
HEY!
TERRIF. UM, THERE'S--
COME THERE, THERE'S SOMEBODY
I WANT YOU TO MEET.
DEVON, THIS IS JOEY.
JOEY, THIS IS DEVON.
YEAH, YOU CAME
INTO THE ICE HOUSE
YESTERDAY.
YEAH. NOW YOU KNOW WHY
I WAS ACTING SO PECULIAR.
I WAS STUDYING YOU,
SINCE DAWSON TOLD ME
THAT MY CHARACTER WAS
BASED ON YOU, SO--
YOU RECOGNIZE DEVON
FROM ART CLASS?
OH, RIGHT, YEAH.
THE CLOTHES THREW ME
AT FIRST,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
I FIGURED IT OUT.
ALL RIGHT, I'VE GOT TO TALK
TO CHRIS FOR A MINUTE.
SO--BUT YOU TWO TALK,
GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER,
AND, UH, YOU CAN
STUDY HER MANNERISMS.
GREAT. CHRIS.
SO I'M GOING FOR
KIND OF A METHOD APPROACH
TO SAMMY,
AND I WAS JUST WONDERING
IF YOU HAD SOME, YOU KNOW,
CHARACTER INSIGHTS FOR ME.
I HAVE A COUPLE DOZEN
QUESTIONS I WANT TO ASK YOU.
A FEW DOZEN?
WELL, I THINK THAT SAMMY
AND WADE ARE SOUL MATES,
WHO WILL BE FOREVER
CONNECTED BY AN OVERPOWERING
TRANSCENDENT LOVE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WADE, PLEASE STOP.
Dawson: DON'T STOP.
KEEP WALKING.
WHY ARE YOU
RUNNING AWAY FROM ME?
'CAUSE FOR THE FIRST
TIME IN 15 YEARS...
Dawson: WHOA, I'M LOSING
THEM. I'M LOSING THEM.
HOLD ON, I'LL MOVE--
HEY, WHOA!
SORRY, DAWSON.
I'LL CATCH IT NEXT TIME.
UM,
YOU GUYS CAN TAKE 5.
DAWSON, WE SHOULD REALLY
TRY AND GET THE FIRST SHOT OFF
BEFORE WE START
TAKING BREAKS, OK?
GUYS, AHEM,
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
UH, JEN, I'D LIKE TO SAY
THAT THIS ACCIDENT COULD
HAVE BEEN AVOIDED,
BUT WITH YOU
STANDING NEARBY,
I LOSE ALL ABILITY
TO CONCENTRATE
ON THE JOB AT HAND.
DOWN, BOY.
Jack: JOEY,
I WANTED TO ASK YOU,
THIS WHOLE THING REALLY
BOTHERS YOU, DOESN'T IT?
I MEAN, LIFE LAID OUT
FOR THE WORLD TO SEE.
PLEASE, IT'S A MOVIE.
WHY SHOULD IT
BOTHER ME?
'CAUSE
IT'S ABOUT YOU.
I MEAN, IF I WAS
TRYING TO GET OVER
SOMEBODY
AND GET ON
WITH MY LIFE,
I THINK
THE LAST THING
THAT I WOULD DO
IS TO MAKE
A MOVIE ABOUT IT.
SOMEBODY NEEDS TO
TELL OLIVER STONE
OVER THERE
THAT THIS WHOLE WAR
IS OVER.
LOOK, DAWSON IS CLEARLY
OVER ME. I PROMISE.
WHERE'S YOUR EVIDENCE?
'CAUSE I HAVE PROOF
TO THE CONTRARY.
DON'T THINK SO MUCH,
JACK.
I MEAN, EVERYTHING
IS GOING TO BE FINE.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
JUST AS LONG AS
YOU'RE OVER HIM,
NOTHING ELSE MATTERS.
DAWSON CAN DO
WHATEVER HE WANTS.
[LOUD FEEDBACK]
HEY.
HEY. BEING A GOOD BOY?
ALWAYS.
WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.
OHH!
OH, MAN, I'VE
GOT THE WORST KINK.
HERE, HERE, LET ME.
MMM.
FEELS LIKE YOU'VE GOT
SOME EXPERIENCE AT THIS.
IN BEING MANIPULATED
INTO A NECK RUB, YEAH.
MAYBE I CAN ALSO MANIPULATE
YOU INTO COMING OUT
WITH ME TONIGHT.
I MEAN, I THINK THAT ONCE
WE GET THIS SCENE DONE,
I'M REALLY GONNA
NEED TO LOOSEN UP.
I THINK THAT
CAN BE ARRANGED.
OF COURSE, THERE'S
ONE STIPULATION.
YOU GOT TO PUT YOURSELF
IN MY HANDS.
WELL, THEY ARE GOOD HANDS.
Chris: DAWSON, ALL I'M SAYING
IS I DON'T THINK MY CHARACTER
WOULD PLAY IT HURT.
Devon: AND WHERE'S
MY ANGER COMING FROM?
I'M REALLY CONFUSED.
Dawson: I THINK
THAT'S IMPLICIT.
Chris: YOU SEE, I THINK
HE'D TRY AND PLAY IT COOL.
I MEAN, RETAIN
A LITTLE SELF-DIGNITY
AND NOT WEAR ALL
HIS EMOTIONS ON HIS SLEEVE.
AND I DON'T THINK
I'D BLOW A GASKET
OVER THIS.
OK, ALL RIGHT, UM...
CHRIS...OK, NOT EVERYBODY
IS AS COOL AS YOU, OK?
UM, WHEN WADE FINDS OUT
THAT HIS GIRLFRIEND
KISSED ANOTHER GUY,
HE'S...CRUSHED.
OK, THE LAST THING
HE'S THINKING ABOUT IS
RESERVING ANY SELF-DIGNITY.
OK, AND, DEVON,
YOU'RE AN ANGRY GIRL.
I MEAN, THAT'S PART OF
THE ESSENCE OF WHO YOU ARE.
OK, RIGHT NOW
YOU'RE FRUSTRATED THAT WADE
CAN'T SEE THAT YOU'VE
MOVED BEYOND HIM.
DAWSON, MAN,
I CAN'T RELATE.
I'VE NEVER BEEN THERE.
OK, UM...
IT'S AGONY.
COMPLETE,
EXCRUCIATING AGONY.
IT'S LIKE YOUR HEART
HAS BEEN RIPPED OUT
OF YOUR CHEST
AND STOMPED ON,
AND YOU CAN'T BREATHE,
YOU--YOU
DON'T WANT TO EAT,
YOU CAN'T FUNCTION.
UH, IT'S...
IT'S THE MOST
INTENSE PAIN THAT
YOU'LL EVER FEEL.
AND THE WORST PART IS,
THERE'S NO WAY
TO RELIEVE IT.
IT'S UNYIELDING,
MERCILESS TORTURE.
AND YOU KNOW
THAT IT'S YOURS
FOR LIFE.
OK, AND, DEVON,
YOU'RE...
YOU FEEL COMPLETELY
MISUNDERSTOOD.
YOU THINK THAT THIS GUY,
WHO YOU BELIEVED IN
YOUR WHOLE LIFE,
CAN'T SEE THAT THE HOPE
AND POTENTIAL OF WHAT
YOU CAN BECOME.
AND SO...
YOU'RE PETRIFIED,
YOU'RE CONFUSED.
YOU'RE AFRAID
TO STAY WITH HIM,
TO STAY WITHOUT HIM.
YOU'RE FRUSTRATED.
YOU--
YOU FEEL SO ALONE.
SAMMY, I WAS WONDERING
IF I COULD SPEAK WITH YOU
FOR A MOMENT.
IT'S JOEY.
RIGHT.
ANYWAY, I'M HAVING
A PROBLEM WITH THIS SCENE.
I DON'T REALLY GET
WHERE MY ANGER COMES FROM.
I, PERSONALLY,
AM NOT ANGRY BY NATURE,
AND I WAS JUST WONDERING
IF YOU COULD SHOW ME
HOW YOU DO IT.
DO WHAT?
BE ANGRY.
OH, WELL, SEE,
I, PERSONALLY,
AM NOT ANGRY BY NATURE,
SO THAT WOULD BE THE
FICTIONAL PART OF THIS
AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL TALE.
RIGHT.
SO TELL ME,
HOW DO YOU DATE ONE GUY
WHILE YOU'RE STILL
IN LOVE WITH ANOTHER?
LOOK, I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TRYING TO DO.
DON'T GO THERE.
PLEASE, I SEE YOU
LIP-LOCKED
WITH THAT PUPPY DOG,
AND YET YOUR HEART
IS STILL SO CLEARLY
WITH DAWSON.
WHAT IS THIS JACK GUY,
A SAFETY NET?
OH, YOU'RE GOOD,
BUT I'M NOT THAT EASILY
MANIPULATED.
IS EVERYTHING OK?
TELL ME, JACK,
WHAT'S IT LIKE BEING
THE TRANSITION GUY?
WOULD YOU STOP IT?
YOU KNOW, IT
MUST BE REALLY HARD
OPENING YOUR HEART
TO A GIRL
WHOSE HEART IS RESERVED
FOR SOMEONE ELSE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
LOOK, YOU ANNOYING LITTLE
THIRD-RATE WANNABE,
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE
YOUR IRRITATING SELF
AND PREY ON SOMEBODY
WHO DOESN'T SEE THROUGH
YOUR PATHETIC ATTEMPT
TO MASQUERADE BITCHINESS
AS RESEARCH?
THANK YOU.
WHAT WAS THAT?
SHE'S TOO SHORT
TO PLAY ME.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOU DON'T HAVE IT?
IT WAS IN YOUR HAIR.
WELL, NOW IT'S NOT.
OK, THAT BARRETTE
IS A PROP, AND I'M
IN CHARGE OF ALL PROPS.
I NEED TO
GET IT BACK.
WELL, YOU'D BETTER
GO FIND IT.
I NEED TO PREPARE.
OH, LIKE I HAVE ANY IDEA
WHERE TO START LOOKING
FOR SOME LITTLE TINY
BARRETTE, OK?
YOU KNOW, IT COULD BE
ABSOLUTELY ANYWHERE.
HOW COULD YOU HAVE BEEN
SO CARELESS WITH SOMETHING
THAT WASN'T EVEN YOURS?
DON'T YOU REALIZE
THAT PEOPLE HAVE JOBS TO DO,
OR DOES THE WHOLE UNIVERSE
JUST REVOLVE AROUND DEVON?
GET A GRIP,
PROP GIRL.
OK.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
DO YOU BELIEVE HER?
YES, BUT I'M STARTING
TO GET A LITTLE WORRIED
ABOUT YOU, McPHEE.
WELL, DON'T BE.
I'M FINE.
NO, YOU'RE REALLY
NOT FINE.
OH, GREAT.
THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT,
PACEY.
HEY, LISTEN.
JUST TELL ME
WHAT TO DO HERE.
'CAUSE I'M STARTING
TO FEEL LIKE I'M GETTING
A LITTLE SCREWED EITHER WAY.
MY DAD IS M.I.A.,
MY MOTHER
IS BARELY LUCID,
I'M HOLDING ON
BY MY FINGERTIPS,
AND YET SOMEHOW
YOU'RE  THE ONE THAT'S SCREWED?
OH, YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S ALWAYS GOTTA BE
ABOUT PACEY.
DON'T DO THAT, ANDIE.
DON'T MAKE ME
THE BAD GUY.
I'LL BE YOUR SHOULDER
TO CRY ON, I'LL EVEN BE
YOUR PUNCHING BAG,
BUT I'M NOT THE BAD GUY.
PACEY, I KEEP ADDING
THINGS TO MY LIFE
INSTEAD OF SUBTRACTING.
BETWEEN SCHOOL,
MY MOTHER, JACK, YOU,
SOMETHING'S GOTTA GIVE,
AND THE WAY I SEE IT,
THERE'S ONLY ONE EXPENDABLE
ON THAT LIST.
COME ON, ANDIE.
YOU'RE NOT
IN THE RIGHT PLACE
TO MAKE THAT DECISION
RIGHT NOW, OK?
I--I JUST--
YOU'RE NOT THINKING
STRAIGHT, OK?
YES, I AM.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
FOR THE FIRST TIME
I'M SEEING EVERYTHING CRYSTAL.
IT'S YOU, PACEY.
YOU'RE THE ONE
THAT'S GOTTA GIVE.
WE NEED TO COOL IT,
BECAUSE US,
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
ANDIE,
YOU DON'T MEAN THAT.
YES, I DO!
AND IF YOU REALLY
CARE ABOUT ME,
IF YOU REALLY
WANT TO HELP ME,
THEN YOU WOULD JUST
BACK OFF AND LEAVE ME ALONE!
Dawson: AND...ACTION.
AT LEAST LET ME EXPLAIN.
WHAT PURPOSE COULD
THAT POSSIBLY SERVE?
YOU KISSED
ANOTHER GUY.
IN MY MIND,
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY,
UNEQUIVOCALLY
NOTHING LEFT TO SAY.
EVER.
YOU DON'T EVEN
WANT TO KNOW WHY, DO YOU?
YOU'RE NOT EVEN LISTENING!
WHAT JUSTIFIABLE REASON
IS THERE
THAT THE GIRL
WHO SUPPOSEDLY SPENT
HER ENTIRE LIFE
PRETENDING LIKE
I WAS THE ONLY THING
THAT MATTERED...
THREW IT ALL AWAY
FOR A 30-SECOND CHEAP THRILL?
AND CUT.
THAT WAS INCREDIBLE.
THAT WAS GREAT.
Jen: ALL RIGHT. GREAT, GUYS.
GREAT SHOT.
UM, LET'S GET MOVING ON
AND SET UP THE NEXT ONE
BEFORE WE LOSE THE LIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
WOW.
THAT WAS GREAT.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
WASN'T IT INCREDIBLE?
YEAH.
LOOK, WE NEED TO TALK.
DAWSON, WHY DO YOU INSIST
ON RELIVING
IN EXCRUCIATING DETAIL
ONE OF THE MOST PAINFUL
EXPERIENCES OF OUR LIVES?
IS THIS YOUR PERVERSELY
SELF-DEFEATING WAY
OF MOVING ON,
OR ARE YOU JUST
TRYING TO PUNISH ME?
NEITHER.
HOW CAN YOU BE SO OK
WITH THIS, DAWSON?
I MEAN, DIDN'T WE
MEAN ANYTHING
TO EACH OTHER?
ISN'T ANYTHING SACRED
WITH YOU?
I MEAN, I KNOW THAT
YOU'VE GOTTEN OVER US
AND EVERYTHING
THAT WE WENT THROUGH,
BUT HAS IT EVER
OCCURRED TO YOU
THAT MAYBE I HAVEN'T?
I MEAN, IT TAKES TIME.
I'M HAPPY YOU ARE.
I'M GLAD THAT
YOU'VE FOUND IT SO EASY
JUST TO MOVE ON,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THIS MOVIE IS JUST
SELF-INDULGENT AND UNFAIR--
WAIT A MINUTE.
LET'S TAKE A LITTLE
REFRESHER COURSE, JOEY.
YOU  BROKE UP WITH  ME,  OK?
YOU HAVE A NEW BOYFRIEND.
YOU'VE FOUND YOUR ART PASSION.
YOU HAVE A WHOLE NEW LIFE.
WHAT DO I HAVE?
A SELF-OBSESSED MOVIE.
WELL, FORGIVE ME
FOR NOT LETTING GO OF
THE ONE THING I'VE GOT LEFT.
BUT THAT'S NOT
HEALTHY, DAWSON.
I'M NOT GONNA SIT HERE
AND LISTEN TO YOU
BITCH TO ME
ABOUT WHAT
I'VE DONE, OK, JOEY?
YOU  LEFT  ME.
YOU  DUMPED  ME.
I HAVEN'T MOVED ON.
I HAVEN'T LET GO, OK?
AND THAT'S WHY,
THAT'S WHY I'M CLINGING
FOR DEAR LIFE
TO THE ONE THING THAT
IS KEEPING ME GOING.
THANKS FOR A GOOD DAY.
TOMORROW
CALL TIME'S 8:30.
HEY.
NEED SOME HELP,
GRAMS?
OH, THANK YOU, JENNIFER.
YOU KNOW,
I WATCHED YOU TODAY,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT I SAW?
WHY DO I FEEL A LECTURE
COMING ON HERE?
I SAW ALL THESE YOUNG PEOPLE
WORKING TOGETHER AS A TEAM
FOR A COMMON GOAL,
AND I WAS SO IMPRESSED,
AND...
THEN I REALIZED
WHO WAS IN CHARGE OF EVERYONE,
AND I WAS SO PROUD.
I FOUND MYSELF WATCHING
A BEAUTIFUL, ACCOMPLISHED
YOUNG WOMAN...
WHO JUT HAPPENED TO BE
MY GRANDDAUGHTER.
WELL, I HOPE THAT
I HAD EVERYBODY ELSE
FOOLED, BECAUSE I...
I WAS DEFINITELY
FLYING BY THE SEAT
OF MY PANTS.
OH. A WOMAN MOVIE PRODUCER.
[CHUCKLES]
IN MY DAY,
WOMEN DIDN'T HAVE
MANY OPTIONS.
YOU GOT MARRIED,
YOU RAISED A FAMILY.
BUT NOW...
WHAT A WONDERFUL TIME
TO BE A WOMAN.
YOU CAN DO OR BE
ANYTHING YOU WANT.
AND WITHOUT A MAN
BY YOUR SIDE.
COULDN'T RESIST
THAT ONE, HUH?
WE JUST WRAPPED
THE LAST SHOT,
SO I'M READY TO GO
WHENEVER YOU ARE.
JUST GIVE ME A SECOND, OK?
SURE.
OK. GO AHEAD.
I KNOW THAT YOU'RE DYING
TO GET IT OFF YOUR CHEST.
HAVE A NICE TIME, DEAR.
YOU DESERVE IT.
THANKS, GRAMS.
JUST DON'T STAY OUT
TOO LATE.
I KNOW.
PACEY.
GEE, YOU LOOK TERRIBLE.
YEAH, WELL, I SHOULD.
I MEAN...
I KIND OF SCREWED UP
WITH ANDIE.
I PUSHED TOO HARD.
WHAT HAPPENED?
UH...
SHE TOLD ME THAT
I'M THE ELEMENT
IN HER LIFE
THAT SHE CAN DO WITHOUT.
DID SHE MEAN IT?
YEAH, SHE MEANT IT.
THEN LET HER GO.
WHAT?
I THINK YOU SHOULD
LET HER GO.
I MEAN REALLY DO.
DON'T JUST PAY LIP SERVICE.
I MEAN...LET HER GO.
LIKE WHAT YOU'RE DOING
WITH JOEY?
WHAT I'M TRYING
TO DO WITH JOEY.
I MEAN, I'VE BEEN
FOOLING MYSELF, PACEY,
BUT I THINK...
I'M GONNA DO IT.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
YOU CAN REALLY GET SOMEBODY
TO COME BACK TO YOU.
YOU KNOW...
AS TEXTBOOK HEALTHY
AS THE LETTING-GO
THEORY SOUNDS, DAWSON,
AND, YOU KNOW,
IT MAY WORK OUT
FOR YOU...
IT DOESN'T APPLY TO ME.
THIS ISN'T A CASE
OF TEEN ROMANCE
GONE SOUR.
I KNOW WHAT I WANT.
I WANT ANDIE.
AND...SHE'S REALLY
HURTING RIGHT NOW,
AND WHETHER
SHE KNOWS IT OR NOT...
SHE NEEDS ME.
I HAVE ABSOLUTELY
NO INTENTION
OF LETTING HER GO.
I'M KIND OF HUNGRY.
I WAS HOPING THAT WE COULD
MAYBE GRAB A BITE TO EAT.
WELL, THEY HAVE STUFF
TO MUNCH ON HERE.
IT'S MY FRIEND LLOYD'S
PLACE.
HE'S HAVING
A GET-TOGETHER.
I TOLD HIM I'D STOP BY.
A PARTY?
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SO?
I'M ALWAYS UP FOR
A GOOD PARTY.
COOL.
AFTER YOU.
HEY, GUYS.
HEY, EVERYBODY.
TY'S HERE.
OK. WE CAN GET STARTED.
UM, I BROUGHT
A FRIEND WITH ME.
JEN, THIS IS EVERYONE.
EVERYONE, THIS IS JEN.
HEY...EVERYONE.
Woman: HI.
Man: HEY.
Second man: YES.
OK.
LAST TIME WE STOPPED
ON THE FIRST BOOK
OF THE KINGS.
WHY DON'T WE PICK IT UP
FROM CHAPTER 9,
"GOD'S PROMISE AND WARNING."
"IF YOU TURN ASIDE
FROM FOLLOWING ME,
"YOU OR YOUR CHILDREN,
"AND DO NOT KEEP
MY COMMANDMENTS
AND MY STATUTES
THAT I HAVE SET BEFORE YOU..."
[DOORBELL RINGS]
I'M COMING!
GO AWAY, PACEY.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
I'M IGNORING YOU!
ARE YOU NUTS?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IS THIS THING REINFORCED?
OHH! OH!
OH, MY GOD, BE CAREFUL!
HAH.
FOR THE LADY.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
IS THIS YOUR WAY
OF STAYING AWAY FROM ME?
UH...YEAH,
WELL, ABOUT THAT,
I'VE DECIDED NOT TO.
YOU SEE,
YOU NEED ME, McPHEE.
COME ON, WHO ELSE
IS GONNA PUT UP WITH YOU,
RIGHT?
YOU KNOW, IT'S JUST
ONE SHOVE, AND IT'S
A LONG WAY DOWN.
I'D JUST HAVE TO
CLIMB RIGHT BACK UP.
[SIGHS]
OK, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE ACTING LIKE
A PSYCHO,
AND THE LAST THING
I NEED IN MY LIFE
RIGHT NOW
IS ANOTHER CRAZY PERSON.
SO GO HOME.
OK?
NO.
I'M NOT GONNA LET YOU
PUSH ME AWAY, McPHEE.
YOU KNOW,
I THINK I FORGOT TO MENTION
THAT I'M ACTUALLY
A CHARTER MEMBER
OF THE ANDIE McPHEE
FAN CLUB,
AND AS A MATTER
OF POLICY...
OUR ADULATION
NEVER WAVERS...
THROUGH THE GOOD TIMES
OR THE BAD.
I JUST...
I WANT TO FEEL BETTER,
PACEY.
I KNOW, ANDIE.
I KNOW.
AND I CAN HELP.
I KNOW I CAN.
AND I'M NOT GONNA
TURN AWAY FROM YOU.
NOT AFTER ALL YOU'VE
DONE FOR ME, ANDIE,
AND CERTAINLY NOT WHEN
YOU NEED ME THE MOST.
WE CAN DO THIS
TOGETHER.
AND I KNOW
THAT I CAN HELP YOU.
PACEY,
HOW  DO YOU KNOW
THAT YOU CAN HELP ME?
BECAUSE, ANDIE...
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
HEY, DAWSON.
WE'RE, UH, WE'RE GONNA
GO GRAB A BITE TO EAT.
YOU WANT TO JOIN US?
UM, NO, ACTUALLY,
I'VE GOT SOME WORK
TO DO.
THANK YOU.
YOU SURE?
YEAH. YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
BYE.
SEE YOU LATER, MAN.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY, GOOD WORK.
THANKS.
YOU KNOW,
YOU IMPRESSED ME
TODAY.
I DID?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, IT'S--
IT'S INTERESTING.
YOU MADE
SUCH AN EFFORT
TO MAKE THE SCRIPT
SO PRECISELY MATCH
REALITY,
AND YET YOU CHANGED
THE ENDING.
YOU KNOW,
MY PSYCH PROFESSOR
WOULD SAY--
LET ME GUESS.
YOUR PSYCH PROFESSOR
WOULD TELL ME
THAT I SHOULD PROBABLY
GIVE UP ALL HOPE
FOR A PAST
AND FOCUS ON THE FUTURE.
VERY GOOD.
LOOK, I, UH,
JUST WANTED TO SAY
THAT I THINK YOU SHOW
REAL POTENTIAL
AS A DIRECTOR.
THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
YOU SURE YOU DON'T WANT
TO GRAB A BIT TO EAT
OR SOMETHING?
I'LL DEFINITELY
TAKE YOU UP ON THAT
SOME OTHER TIME.
I JUST...I DON'T KNOW,
RIGHT NOW I JUST
KIND OF WANT TO...
BE HERE.
OK.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT.
HEY.
JOEY.
I ASSUMED YOU'D
PROBABLY TAKEN OFF.
YEAH.
I, UM...
LISTEN,
ABOUT EARLIER--
YEAH. LOOK...
DAWSON...
I'M VERY SORRY THAT I
CAME DOWN ON YOU
SO HARD THIS AFTERNOON.
IT...
IT WAS UNFAIR.
AND IT...
YOU KNOW, IT'S JUST BEEN
REALLY HARD
HAVING TO WATCH MY LIFE
BEING REENACTED
IN FRONT OF
HALF OF CAPESIDE.
JOEY, IF I OFFENDED YOU
OR HURT YOU IN ANY WAY,
I'M SORRY.
I JUST THOUGHT
THAT BY MAKING
THIS AUTOBIOGRAPHICALLY
CATHARTIC MOVIE
THAT I COULD...
PUT THE PAST BEHIND ME
IN ONE FELL SWOOP,
YOU KNOW?
IT TURNS OUT--HEH--
IT DOESN'T WORK
THAT WAY.
YEAH.
IF ONLY THINGS COULD BE
THAT SIMPLE, RIGHT?
YOU KNOW
WHAT IT IS, JOEY?
I'VE...SPENT
THE LAST FEW MONTHS
OF MY EXISTENCE...
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO...
BE WITHOUT YOU.
I MEAN, I'VE TRIED...
ACTING LIKE IT...
DOESN'T HURT,
PRETENDING I DON'T CARE.
I--I GUESS I JUST--
I FELT THAT IF I...
IF I ACTED LIKE
I WAS OVER YOU, THEN...
SOMEHOW I WOULD BE.
YOU KNOW?
AND...THE TRUTH IS...
MOST OF THE TIME
ALL I WANTED TO DO
WAS JUST CRAWL
INTO MY ROOM
WITH MY BEST FRIEND
AND SHUT THE BLINDS...
AND JUST POUR MY HEART
OUT TO HER.
DAWSON, UM...
I DON'T THINK
YOU REALIZE THAT...
IT HAS BEEN
JUST AS DIFFICULT FOR ME.
I MEAN...
IT'S BEEN TEARING ME
APART, TOO.
BUT I KNOW WE'LL ALWAYS
BE CONNECTED.
I KNOW THAT OUR LIVES
ARE DESTINED TO BE
INTERTWINED, BUT...
BUT WE HAVE TO MOVE ON.
YEAH.
A LITTLE BIT TODAY...
A LITTLE MORE TOMORROW.
Jack: JOEY.
YOU, UH...READY?
YEAH.
JACK, UH, THANKS
FOR HELPING ME OUT
TODAY.
I REALLY
APPRECIATE IT.
NO PROBLEM.
IT WAS A LOT OF FUN,
ACTUALLY.
GOOD.
DO YOU WANT US TO HANG OUT
AND HELP YOU CLEAN UP
SOME OF THIS STUFF?
NO. YOU, UH...
YOU GO OUT
AND HAVE SOME FUN.
YOU'VE GIVEN ME
ENOUGH OF YOUR DAY.
YOU SURE?
YES, ABSOLUTELY.
GO.
GET OUT OF HERE.
OK.
UM...
GOOD NIGHT.